updated docs for AEH (#13646)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/azure_event_hub.markdown

Once you have the name of your namespace, instance, Shared Access Policy and the key for that policy, you can setup the integration itself.

> The alternative approach is to use a connection string, this can be retrieved in the same way as the Shared Access Policy and this can also be gotten for a device in a IoT Hub (Event Hub-compatible connection string).
> 
> The final thing to consider is how often you want the integration to send messages in a batch to your hub, this is set with the send_interval, with a default of 5 seconds. The other thing to look at is what the max delay you want to use, since this component runs in a asynchronous way there is no guarantee that the sending happens exactly on time, so depending on your semantics you might want messages discarded. The actual check of the time happens with max_delay plus send_interval, so that even with a long send_interval the semantics are the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The alternative approach is to use a connection string, this can be retrieved in the same way as the Shared Access Policy and this can also be gotten for a device in an IoT Hub (Event Hub-compatible connection string).

The final thing to consider is how often you want the integration to send messages in a batch to your hub, this is set with the `send_interval`, with a default of 5 seconds. The other thing to look at is what the maximum delay you want to use since this component runs in an asynchronous way there is no guarantee that the sending happens exactly on time. Depending on your semantics you might want messages discarded. The actual check of the time happens with `max_delay` plus `send_interval`, so that even with a long `send_interval` the semantics are the same.
```

  event_hub_instance_name: EVENT_HUB_INSTANCE_NAME
  event_hub_sas_policy: SAS_POLICY_NAME
  event_hub_sas_key: SAS_KEY
  send_interval: 5
  max_delay: 30
  filter:
    include_domains:
    - homeassistant
    - light
    - media_player

# Alternative config
azure_event_hub:
  event_hub_connection_string: CONNECTION_STRING
  send_interval: 5

>   max_delay: 30

Reviewer: We try to keep all configuration samples minimal. Thus, no optional requirement in the default sample. This helps a user to get started quickly by copy-&-paste the sample without worrying about optional parameters which they most likely not need. If required, insert a full configuration sample later that covers special setups or alike.

{% configuration %}
event_hub_namespace:
  description: The name of your Event Hub namespace.
  required: exclusive
  type: string
event_hub_instance_name:
  description: The name of your Event Hub instance.
  required: exclusive
  type: string
event_hub_sas_policy:
  description: The name of your Shared Access Policy.
  required: exclusive
  type: string
event_hub_sas_key:
  description: The key for the Shared Access Policy.
  required: exclusive
  type: string
event_hub_connection_string:
  description: The connection string to your event hub.
  required: exclusive
  type: string
send_interval:

>   description: in what interval in seconds should events be sent to the Event Hub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: The interval in seconds should events be sent to the Event Hub.
```

  required: false
  type: integer
  default: 5
max_delay:

>   description: after how many seconds should a message be discarded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: The time in seconds a message should be discarded.
```
